and we are going to nature today
Well, in the suburbs look near Moscow
Is nature still alive here?
still blooms if the fish is not usual smells
here we are so on to the inspection
inspection trip
for inspection was chosen place with
name of Narva ponds 50 kilometers
from the torments of hell closed territory and for
barrier for one day stand 500 rubles
by car
mushrooms and berries are found flowers
places few risk
Come to fish Well and we
check how it bites
mushrooms and berries are found flowers better
I began to reign food while I was looking for fish
Cleo was engaged in photohunting she hunted down
a local resident
and with enthusiasm I began to study his personal
life as it turned out later
muskrat
we have a simple solution
come near Moscow forever and coffee
vegetables are boiled mushrooms
but I also tell us a lot decent
a lot of lady here russia no no not too
took attack attacked us
reed he dragged in there
got out and sits no longer almost all eaten
then abruptly with such an appetite that she does not
hears we talk here then he
unlucky they started pecking karasiki i
I became even food Olga time
my call is to fall and pin
the trip was fruitful and
useful
the nature around the metropolis is alive and quite
don't even live in misery